README.md, before:

![Logo](images/logo.png)

This project aims to emulate the PlayStation&trade; 1 console in an accurate
fashion. No hacks or shortcuts will be used to accomplish this goal. Everything
needed will be provided by default, this means there aren't any plug-ins to
locate, maintain, or configure.

## Current Status

Currently, the emulator is capable of booting a small amount of commercial
games with compatibility constantly evolving.

![Current status](images/current.png)

## Usage

The emulator requires a BIOS file, which can be dumped from a physical console.

Once you have a BIOS file, PSXACT can be invoked via command line, using the
following simple interface:

```
$ psxact <bios file here> <game file here>
```

## Building

This project uses CMake for builds, and requires SDL2.

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please create a fork and issue pull requests!
Newcomers and experts alike are welcome to [contribute](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Communication

Join us on our `freenode` channel, `#psxact`!

Commit message:

Updating build instructions and scripts

README.md, after:

![Logo](images/logo.png)

This project aims to emulate the PlayStation&trade; 1 console in an accurate
fashion. No hacks or shortcuts will be used to accomplish this goal. Everything
needed will be provided by default, this means there aren't any plug-ins to
locate, maintain, or configure.

## Current Status

Currently, the emulator is capable of booting a small amount of commercial
games with compatibility constantly evolving.

![Current status](images/current.png)

## Usage

The emulator requires a BIOS file, which can be dumped from a physical console.

Once you have a BIOS file, PSXACT can be invoked via command line, using the
following simple interface:

```
$ psxact <bios file here> <game file here>
```

## Building

Included in this repo is a `Dockerfile` describing a working development
environment. To use this, do the following (Terminal inside checkout directory):

```
$ docker run --rm -it -v $PWD:/workspace adambecker/psxact /bin/bash
```

That will be enough to get you into the container, from there you can try:

- `./scripts/build.sh`
- `./scripts/lint.sh`
- `mkdir bin && cd bin && cmake .. && make`

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please create a fork and issue pull requests!
Newcomers and experts alike are welcome to [contribute](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Communication

Join us on our `freenode` channel, `#psxact`!
